everybody's got their own little cubicle
any now is we're going to do some
cooking we're gonna try and cook the
perfect treat the ultimate one the big
one unflappable chips and we're going to
serve that with some moons because you
know moons accrete we're in Belgium to
go with that to round it off we're gonna
show you how to make absolutely bomb
proof bulletproof mayonnaise you'll
never buy a jar again no he won't
oh I've got deep fat fryer I can warn me
I'm done as well Oh steady madam steady
girl she's a great in moderation you
can't eat them every day but now and
again they're not a bad thing and if you
cook them like this they're quite dry
they're not full of fat and they walk
make you sort of kind of heart collapse
the first thing when cooking chips is
the potato right there's no point in
having bag potatoes as we mother used to
say you can't polish a turd you can't
make a silk purse out of a sow's ear
dude we're under BBC you can't see it or
they never said that well anyway in
Belgium it's much easier
who's go to the shop you buy your bug
you palms bit there
Sveta Al's sweets the first step we're
making perfect chips is just salt your
chips in cold water I'm not quite sure
what it does I'm sure a Hester
Blumenthal could tell you the exact
reasons why but he does make better
chips and also the size of the chips
important for me that's the perfect size
it's a four point five millimeter chip
to dry them
take your nicely blotted chips and fill
your basket about 2/3 full not too much
I'll end up with a big tip kick the
temperature is about 130 440 degrees
centigrade that's just enough to cook
them not to brown them look at that it's
a gentle Rumble 10 minutes at that so
set the timer I remember yeah dad said
it was like that's when the shambo's
would look you smoke on the river blades
sit 10 minutes now we take them off the
heat put them to drain and they must go
cold now muscles rules prepared Belgium
stone it's creating see everything is
usable big knob of butter we have some
leeks
you have your celery with the leaves and
the audition lot that's your slot yes
two kilos of the Narcisse finest these
are all pretty clean too little going to
the punt server boat six for fame a bit
Mahad is severely the sprig of thyme and
half the parsley
and pull that horses and leave the salon
now look you is good way money of kuru
because the thing is you're gonna eat it
and it's always best to use the best way
you can afford a saw a horse a bottle of
Wayne a good term of goods down perfect
Oh half a bottle a Sioux pepper in
summer a good stir and you bring back to
the boil
I've got this some extra parsley
sprinkles look it's like a Martians
dandruff I think you're about five
minutes off me sure launched a torpedo
is the sea